Doc append uplot (#485)
leeoniya/uPlot: docs/README.md

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Data Format](#data-format)
- [Basics](#basics)

> - [Integrating to your layout](#integrating-uplot-to-your-layout)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Attaching uPlot to custom DOM element](#attaching-uplot-to-custom-dom-element)
```

- `stroke`, `width`, `fill`, and `dash` map directly to Canvas API's [ctx.strokeStyle](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CanvasRenderingContext2D/strokeStyle), [ctx.lineWidth](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CanvasRenderingContext2D/lineWidth), [ctx.fillStyle](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CanvasRenderingContext2D/fillStyle), and [ctx.setLineDash](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CanvasRenderingContext2D/setLineDash).

---

> #### Integrating uPlot to your layout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Attaching uPlot to custom DOM element
```

> In the previous example, the chart was appended to the HTML body:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous example, the chart was appended to the HTML's `body` element:
```

```js
let uplot = new uPlot(opts, data, document.body);
```

> In a real scenario, you probably would prefer to include the chart into a predefined element. For example, considering you have a doc such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a real scenario, you will most likely attach uPlot to a predefined DOM element. Consider the following DOM structure:
```
